it is the final day of the shell
eco-marathon Europe and teams have a
last chance to get in an award-winning
attempt success in the event is most be
governed by the design of the vehicles
but drivers also have a larger part to
play with techniques that they use to
extend the efficiency of their vehicles
generally that the cars will start off
with a high acceleration to get out onto
the track and once a week's their
desired rpm they will actually cut the
car off and do their best to coast as
far as they can and with the help of the
teammates on the sideline through
monitor timings and give lap information
the idea is to get the best performance
of the vehicles custody well I'm very
very exciting because that's the first
time I'm doing the term so I've been a
good it's gonna be okay it is a grateful
experience for me and for my team
victory yeah it's my first time I really
enjoyed here it's been great very
exciting some cars come back each year
but each team work on technical
innovations to improve their car and
make it more competitive many teams have
results that are higher than last year
and overall I think the designs we see
are much much better as the day goes on
more and more teams come in for fuel
testing and a real buzz takes over the
technical areas as a result start coming
in
the favorites there's really very are as
ever doing well not breaking historic
records but leaders with an overall
distance in their fuel class which means
they are already celebrating they hope
to break their previous record with a
cool temperature and a slight breeze
this was not going to happen meanwhile
their sister team politic month were
having their own challenges despite
achieving a record distance of five
hundred ninety kilometers per
kilowatt-hour in the fuel cell class on
the very first day yeah we have some
problem with the brakes because because
there was an accident yesterday they
impose the new rules and they have to we
have to check the brake before the
attempt and the break that are in the
front of the car in the front wheel does
not work so well so at that moment we
are rebuilding all the system to make it
work so that kind of we have about one
hour to make the runs made the last
attempt polytech naam did not get a
chance to get in another run I went on
to win their category with their
previous problem as soon other results
come in and each team gets a chance to
celebrate their team's work and effort
during the last year the other content
group award goes to polytechnical
d'Italia the cheering Polytechnic want a
design award for their come
often Bergner university of applied
sciences one a technical innovation
award for their chassis design was true
inspiration from suspension bridges you
made a very simple gather a very simple
idea to reduce the white we saw a nice
bridge in the landscape and so on okay
why does it work so to carry this much
white and we a transfer this principle
to to the car and so we win then wait
and watch politecnico di milano departed
in the solar prototype field milano
polytechnic won the first prize begin if
it's our power either in energy is also
that the is free it's for everybody and
lyrical in the technical university of
denmark won two awards the urban concept
alternative gasoline fuel award and the
urban concept grand prize
this one yes because was the only team
they're participating this one we had to
fight for but it was a pretty good run
and we still did very well and took off
on the delivery from France was awarded
the coveted grand combustion award with
a winning distance of three thousand six
hundred and eighty eight kilometers per
liter we are very happy better we didn't
beat the record so now I think next year
there are the test one could be a could
be betta this record so an outstanding
competition the shell eco-marathon
Europe 2011 join us in July in Kuala
Lumpur in Malaysia for the third leg of
the global shell eco-marathon